you
November 30th 10:43 right sunny day in
some people truck approaches from the
west entrance 45 then time to do
anything about it this is the most
high-profile murder case
in British history you and Miss Howe are
defending the accused terrorists from
the government and you're from the New
York Times they don't speak to
journalists about trials relating to
matters of national security do you know
of any reason which would prejudice your
ability to carry out this case no my
lord
no my lord Oh nope no reason there is
some evidence against you which the
prosecution believes should be kept
secret from the public and from you work
into my chambers I think you're mistaken
Claudia we're being managed within six
months our client goes from driving a
taxi to driving a brand-new Mercedes and
spending two grand a week where did all
the money come from
British intelligence brought him in as a
double agent he was supposed to lead
them to the terrorist cell before the
attack and that's where it all went
wrong prior to the bombing there was no
contact between mi5 and the defendant
defense lawyers who ask the wrong sorts
of questions they're expendable over
half a million closed-circuit cameras in
London I'm sure that at least half a
dozen watch me right now there are
people who really want a conviction here
should have kept her mouth shut mi5 do
not kill people on the mainland and what
the hell have you gotta solve it was
simply trying to defend our client
dump your bag dump everything get our
van
there are powers of play but neither you
nor I may even hope to control